welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about the butterfly effect
too
nick and his girlfriend julie are
celebrating
julie's 24th birthday with their friends
trevor and amanda
julie and nick start to discuss their
future when nick is called into work
urgently he has to go to the meeting
because he is up against
co-worker dave for a promotion
as the four friends drive back to the
city there's an accident with a semi
truck
of the four friends nick is the only
survivor
later when looking at a photograph of
himself and julie
everything in the room begins to shutter
and shake while the people in the
photograph
begin moving one year later nick suffers
a blinding headache and nosebleed at
work
while presenting an important sales
pitch to investors
as a result he is given a weak
suspension
back home nick looks at photographs from
julie's birthday
and somehow manages to transport himself
back to the moment just before the fatal
accident
this time he knows how to avoid the
accident and he awakens in a new
timeline where julie is living happily
with him
however in this reality nick's life is
ruined when he is fired for backing up
his friend and now colleague trevor
later nick sees a christmas photograph
of him
his friends and colleagues and realizes
that this was the point at which a
crucial deal was made
resulting in dave's promotion nick
decides to try to alter this
in his favor so he concentrates on the
photo in order to trigger another
episode
sure enough he finds himself at the
party
after deliberately spilling a drink on
dave to distract him he finds the
paperwork for the crucial deal
he then returns to the present in a new
version of reality
in this reality nick is the vice
president of the company but he and
julie have split up and he is living the
bachelor lifestyle
also trevor and nick end up on the wrong
side of a shady investor
the company is broke due to failed deals
in this version of reality
and the investor infuriated by a lack of
results
ends up killing trevor who borrowed the
money from him
in the course of trying to escape a
similar fate nick runs into julie just
as one of the investors armed henchmen
tries to hit him
but hits her instead nick is rendered
unconscious before he can go
back in time once again and sexually
assaulted but
manages to kill his captor and escape
nick confesses everything to his mother
who tells him that he can't control
everything she says his father also
tried to control things
implying in the process that his father
had the same ability as nick does
and ultimately committed suicide nick
transports himself to the scene from the
start of the movie
hoping to finally fix everything by
breaking up with julie
however he didn't bank on how upset she
would be and she confesses to being
pregnant and speeds away in his car
fearing a similar accident as the
original nick speeds after her
but ends up facing an oncoming vehicle
himself
he opts to save julie rather than
himself and drives off the cliff
one year later julie lives in new york
with her son
nick jr who has the same affliction as
his father
since his environment becomes unstable
while looking at a photograph of his
parents and their friends
in a series of flickering flashbacks
that run during the end credits
an unidentified man who is presumably
nick's own father is shown grappling
with mental illness presumably brought
on by the progressive brain damage that
the time
traveling causes to its user with each
use and eventually committing suicide
in the last of the flickering images
nick himself is shown recovering in a
hospital bed from
serious injuries but whether this is him
recovering from his initial accident
shown at the beginning of the movie or
him recovering from his successful
effort to save julie
is unclear thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
[Music]
you